# Bad Code
View:
~~~erb
<% User.all.each do |user| %>
  <%= user.name %>
  <%= user.email %>
<% end %>
~~~

This is not PHP. There is a separation between Model, View, and Controller.
The problem here is `User.all` - the View is communicating with the Model.
**Only the Controller is responsible of communicating with the Model.**

**The proper structure of communication is:**
~~~
View <---> Controller <---> Model
~~~
**As opposed to** skipping the controller:
~~~
View <---> Controller <---> Model
 |                           |
 +---------------------------+
~~~


# Good code
Controller:
~~~ruby
class UsersController < ApplicationController
  def index
    @users = User.all
  end
end
~~~

View (index.html.erb):
~~~erb
<% @users.each do |user| %>
  <%= user.name %>
  <%= user.email %>
<% end %>
~~~

# Theory
> At the heart of MVC, and the idea that was the most influential to later frameworks, is what I call Separated Presentation. The idea behind Separated Presentation is to make a clear division between domain objects that model our perception of the real world, and presentation objects that are the GUI elements we see on the screen. Domain objects should be completely self contained and work without reference to the presentation, they should also be able to support multiple presentations, possibly simultaneously. This approach was also an important part of the Unix culture, and continues today allowing many applications to be manipulated through both a graphical and command-line interface.

> In MVC, the domain element is referred to as the model. Model objects are completely ignorant of the UI.


Scroll down to MVC
[Martin Fowler - GUI Architectures](https://martinfowler.com/eaaDev/uiArchs.html)


# Bad code
Controller:
~~~erb
class UsersController < ApplicationController
  @users = User.all.order("created_at DESC")
end
~~~

# Good code
Controller:
~~~erb
class UsersController < ApplicationController
  def index
    @users = User.all.ordered
  end
end
~~~

Model:
~~~ruby
class User < ApplicationRecord
  scope :ordered, -> { order("created_at DESC") }
end
~~~
